Update liquidation auction description (#169)
tezos-checker/checker: docs/spec/liquidation-auction.rst

State
-----

> -  ``avl_storage``: data structure containing all auctions and their corresponding liquidation slices.
>    Items can be retrieved from this back-end using their respective pointers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  ``avl_storage``: data structure containing a mapping from pointers to auctions and liquidation slices, serving as a memory.
```

> -  ``queued_slices``: a pointer to the queue of liquidation slices awaiting an auction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  ``queued_slices``: a pointer to the queue of liquidation slices awaiting inclusion in an auction.
```

-  ``current_auction``: information about the current auction if there
   is an active auction.

   -  ``contents``: a pointer to the set of slices in the current auction.
   -  ``auction_state``: whether the auction is in the descending or
      ascending phase, and data used to calculate the current price.

> -  ``completed_auctions``: a linked list of completed auctions, each auction

Reviewer: I think "queue" is more accurate here.
```suggestion
-  ``completed_auctions``: a queue (represented as a doubly-linked list) of completed auctions, each auction
```

there is at least one queued slice, we start an auction.

Our aim is to take a prefix of the ``queued_slices`` queue which

> contains exactly the below amount of tez:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains exactly this amount of tez:
```

Then we start an auction. An auction has minimum_bid value that is a
function of current time and the latest bid.

Every bid should be of at least ``minimum_bid`` amount of kit. The bidding
process debits the bid's kit from the contract's kit ledger and credits back

> the kit of the previously winning bid if one exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the kit of the previously winning bid, if one exists.
```

Author: I'm not usually much of a grammar buff, but I ended up going down a bit of a rabbit hole on this topic since I was unsure which way was correct :sweat_smile:. I'm pretty sure without the comma is the correct way in this case:

https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/37856/do-you-need-a-comma-before-a-subordinating-conjunction-like-if
https://prowritingaid.com/grammar/1000080/Should-I-use-a-comma-before-a-subordinate-conjunction

Reviewer: Hahaha, I didn't mean to get you into trouble! :stuck_out_tongue: I personally would keep the comma there because I'd also pause when reading the sentence but feel free to ignore the suggestion anyway, it's merely a suggestion :wink:
